Hi and welcome to this first section about computer vision.
Now the idea here is to give you a short intro to the basics of the Open CV,
which is a free and very powerful computer vision library
that even includes a deep learning framework.
Now in this section, you will learn about
the matrix data type which can be used to represent images,
and also you will learn how to read and right pixels in a matrix,
and how to read an image from a file.
Lastly, you will learn how to store pointers to multiple images.
This is particularly useful for looping over
long image sequences where memory has to be carefully managed.
Now the idea here is to introduce you to some basic Open CV tools,
you will need to master the subsequent chapters
and to already give you some practice with using them.
So let's get our hands dirty with
the first coding examples with C Plus Plus and the Open CV.